and
what happens there
if we are back how long without
see us like the granite
I'm seeing my destiny or the neighbor I
the truth is that I've had super
well I have not stopped I have traveled to the
angels and gone to incredible parties where
I've met a lot of people come
guys men for our friendship
guys, guys
now
and has gone shopping almost every day
to super cool sites
Incredible, it's just like that has not been my
summer but it has been this
The theme of the week is fame and money
paparazzi you have followers in
twitter magazine covers
I know what it is although I must confess that what
first thing that crossed my mind was
this ha ha ha
welcome to another program of 'fame to
dance ' today our guys have
prepared a tribute to one of the
best bands in the world
but since I could not think of anything I
called two friends who know a little about
subject and that surely can help us
well i said i was born i am famous
our mystery I wanted to be famous
selling I am here to defend
my daughter because I killed my daughter
there are little people who believe
famous but the real famous
we dress style for lunch and
about
we take you enjoy like them and me
I neither saw it was from and I keep quiet
because I do not want to talk because I'm not going to
help
that believes the princess of the town and not
the princess of her neighborhood always arrives
pitying a moment andrea pussy
Eat the chicken that I feel bad
look like my mother says, pity the woman
of the penis
with this I want to say that for a
time has been distorted the concept of
the fame of this my opinion doing
famous to certain little people with
less lights than the fourth plate
millennium is a lot to ask that fame be
use for something else that came out in the
magazines the hundred rags or for
go out in video clips doing the clown and
If fame is too much, it should not be the
objective but the consequence and how
they say out there the most taken fame is
like yogurts has a date
expiration and here's the video today
I hope you liked that I have
delighted that I made you feel or
rich mus
No, but remember that if you do not give
there the building comes and he eats you
see you next Wednesday here in a
who cares